Validate  - old format files Improved error output (#848)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in the **format** command where unnecessary files were not skipped.
* Fixed an issue in the **update-release-notes** command where the *text* argument was not respected in all cases.
* Fixed an issue in the **validate** command where a warning about detailed description was given for unified or deprecated integrations.

> * Improved **validate** command error output on old format files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the error returned by the **validate** command when running on files using the old format.
```
